Fix issues #536 related with documentation errors in the initial setu… (#537)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode: README.md

  It also should use `/var/run/docker.sock` as socket to interact with the daemon (or you
  will have to override in `<absolute-project-path>/fabric-private-chaincode/config.override.mk` the default definition in make of `DOCKER_DAEMON_SOCKET`)
* GNU make
Then clone this git repository to your local machine taking special care to specify -recursive as follows:
```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode.git $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode

> ```

Reviewer: as discussed in our community call. We should move the section how to clone FPC which we already have to the beginning of the Getting started section instead of repeating here again.

Author: Done!

  you will be able to run only a single FPC development container on a
  particular host.

> Once you have cloned the repository, to build the docker image navigate to the utils/docker subdirectory and run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have cloned the repository, to build and run the FPC docker container run
```

Reviewer: I suggest that we merge the next two code blocks and just keep 
```bash
cd utils/docker; make run
```

Author: Done!
